# lego-hack
This is an exploit I made with C++, Reclass, and Cheat Engine



To get the base pointer and offsets, it's gonna take some simple reversing. To start I opened Cheat Engine and found the player height address (Using the unknown initial value and then value inc/dec options.) Then what I did was pointer scan for that address and added a couple pointers to my address list. Unfortunately when I rejoined none of the pointers were correct (This should be normal, if you get lucky you'll have a pointer working already lol.) I once again, got my player height address. This time what I did was use the same pointerscan from last time and overwrite it with the values the point to the current height (To refresh the list.) This time it worked and I had the right values. I then opened reclass and snooped around. I found a couple things but I couldn't say how to find them as it'd take a bunch of images and I don't feel like showing that. One things I noticed was -4 bytes from the y position was x and 4 ahead was the z. With this knowledge I made the last offset -4 (Changing 144 to 140) and made a C++ Vector3 class. Once that was done, I setup the console bypass, and then it was time to get to work. What I did was made a function that grabs the base address as first element in the vector, and the rest as offsets. I made this class return whatever you wanted it to return as a pointer. Once this is done then the code is basically done. Hope you enjoyed reading this! Have fun lego hacking and always remember, **lua is a fucking fourth dimension universe that takes so much goddamn work to do and you should instead just use actual C++ pointers instead to modify values**. Yeah lua can access all the stuff that you normally would have an insanely hard time doing without it, but really for basic exploits it isn't needed. I would've used pure C++ before if I knew I could lol. This exploit sacrifices lua, but to make up for it here is the benefits: You don't gotta paste in a bunch of garbage to get your shit working, you can easily find cool stuff in reclass and add it, and it's made by a cool dev :) Ok well my summary was like 20 sentences back but anyways yeah goodbye!!!
